Little mistake, don't to, delete void, your correction power, fix mistakes
safely, human error happens. You might enter the wrong quantity or receive the
wrong purchase order. Golden rule, never delete always void in financial
systems. We never just delete history as if it never happened, think of it
like writing in a notebook. Deleting is like ripping a page out, it's gone
forever. No one knows what happened. Voiding is like drawing a neat clear line
through the era and writing the correction next to it. The original mistake is
still there but you know it's fixed and you can still see the whole
story, your action one, if you mayor find the receipt in your history 2
select void receipt your result. This action creates a void consumption
document. It's like a special negative entry that makes the numbers balance out
in The Ledger, but it keeps a clear record that an error happened and
was Fixed this preserves the trail for any questions later, which action? Lets
you retrace your steps later, like following a trail deleting or voiding.